# DATS-6103-Individual-Project-3-Jake-Lieberfarb

Hello! This is an analysis of Healthcare  plan types (HMO, Local PPO, regional PPO, etc.) and their corresponding quality measure to see which plan types offer the greatest variety of coverage. This is broken up into overall plan type and  quality measures found in the US and for ACHP members. The Alliance of Community Health Plans (ACHP) is an advocacy and health care firm located in Washington, D.C. ACHP represents 23 healthcare providers around the US. Data was pulled from the Center for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS). All quality measures were obtained from [2021 Star Ratings Data Table (Oct 08 2020) (ZIP)](https://www.cms.gov/Medicare/Prescription-Drug-Coverage/PrescriptionDrugCovGenIn/PerformanceData). Next, social risk factors such as % Fair or Poor Health, % uninsured, and % unemployed by US county was compared to plans available in these counties. A weighted stars value was constructed by taking the total number of enrollees available in each county and multiplying it by the overall star rating for each county and then summing the results for each county. This weighted stars rating was compared to social risk factors to see if any ACHP plans are focusing on areas that have high social risk scores. If you want to run the code, please download the zipped files found on my Zenodo page or download the files from here. You will need Jupyter Notebook and a Plotly account to run all the graphs. Please reach out to me at Jakelieberfarb@gmail.com with any questions.

Other links:
[Jake’s GitHub.io:](https://jcolt2997.github.io/DATS-6103-Individual-Project-3-Jake-Lieberfarb-githubio/)

Jakes: Zenodo: 
